# Dragon Heist Synopsis
## Session 1
Relaxing in their favorite watering hole (The Yawning Portal), our party was listening as Volothamp Geddarm wrapped up a rousing tale of the Di Noci Famiglia’s exploits when a brawl broke out. Yagra Stonefist, a large half-orc mercenary was accosted by a surly looking bald thug with eye tattoos on his skull named Krentz. The party watched as Yagra proceeded to render the thug unconscious, but was knocked out herself by Krentz’s four companions. Before anyone was killed, Durnan, proprietor of the establishment, broke up the fight and kicked the thugs out of the bar. They pulled their unconscious leader with them, and Yagra was left to recover her wits on the tavern floor (a common occurrence, it would seem). Aladeen placed a bet on Yagra, and despite her face touching the deck, maintains he won the bet, as Krensk fell first.

As the fight was winding down, a new sound could be heard over the din. The sound of something dragging itself out of the well. A troll had made its way out of the Undermountain, dragging a group of blood-sucking stirges with it. While patrons panicked, Durnan leapt into action. Unsheathing his sword and calling for anyone to douse the troll with oil while he fought it to a standstill. As the party’s table was nearest to the well, the hungry stirges broke away and began attacking our illustrious heroes. While the team was killing the oversized mosquitos, Aladeen hid behind the bar and proceeded to mock the troll to tears, as only a bard can. Durnan sheared off several pieces of the troll while Jonathan tossed an oil lamp onto the beast. Durnan dropped a candle on the oil puddle and walked away. On his way back to the bar, he bisected the remaining stirge attached to Jonathan’s collarbone and accepted a drink from Aladeen, before gruffly pointing out that his position was on the opposite side of Durnan’s bar.

Seeing the combat play out, Volo approached the group with an offer: 10 gold up front and another 100 dragons apiece if they could find his missing friend, Floon Blagmaar. Floon was last seen at the Skewered Dragon the previous night. The Skewered Dragon is a seedy tavern in the Dock Ward. Not a bar with a bad reputation, but worse: a bar with no reputation. Volo describes Floon as
> ... a handsome man in his early thirties with wavy red-blond hair. He is not difficult to pick out of a crowd, however, for he insists on always wearing a gaudy, 6-inch bas relief of a unicorn’s head on a chain of blue pearls around his neck.
With that, our party grabbed a few road flagons, and headed out.

## Session 2
With road flagons in hand and fresh coin in their purses, our party set off from the Yawning Portal toward the Dock Ward in search of Floon Blagmaar and his unmistakable unicorn necklace. The city did not feel festive. On the way down Soothsayer’s Way they rounded a corner to find a side street blocked by the City Watch and half a dozen corpses cooling on the cobblestones. A few bloodied men were being hauled off in irons. When Elior inquired whether any of the dead wore an ostentatious unicorn medallion on blue pearls, the Watch replied no, but confirmed what the party could already see. Whatever feud is brewing between the Zhentarim and the Xanathar Guild has begun spilling openly into the streets.Elior attempted a pretty open-handed bribe, to which one of the Watch seemed amenable. The other member of the watch and Jonathan, were not so amenable. The party left before the Scene became an Event.

At the Skewered Dragon, the mood was heavy and suspicious. Dockworkers nursed cheap drinks and minded their own business with the practiced discipline of men who have seen too much. After some prodding and careful conversation, the party learned that Floon had been drinking with another well dressed man and that both were dragged out by rough looking individuals who were asking pointed questions. The dockhands were not eager to involve themselves in gang affairs, but a few details slipped through after Elior provided enough rum. Floon had been there, but another nobleman joined him and, upon leaving, five shady looking guys followed them out. Meanwhile, Broethuul’s boredom got the best of him. Stealing some coins from one of the gaming tables, he quickly blamed it on another patron: The man Elior was sharing drinks with. The ensuing chaos nearly ended in a bar fight (again) had Jonathan not stepped in, Asimaar heritage gloriously on display and defused the situation (with a little help from Elior’s gust cantrip). Davy spent his time eavesdropping and disappeared once the fighting (almost) started. After that, it was clearly time to leave.


Leaving the Skewered Dragon, the group made a brief detour into a cramped curiosity shop bathed in purple light and lavender smoke. There they met Xoblob, a deep gnome shopkeeper with lavender skin, lavender clothes, and an almost religious devotion to the color purple. The shop was packed floor to ceiling with questionable trinkets, including stuffed beholders and other oddities that may or may not have been watching the party back. Xoblob proved more strange than helpful, but he confirmed that Floon and his companion had indeed passed through the area the night before, and that he and another man had been jumped by four or five guys in dark hoods right outside his shop! He also offered to buy one (or both) of Broethuul’s purple eyes.


Outside Xoblob’s, a trail of blue pearls lying in the gutter brought the party to a Zhentarim (or Xanather?) warehouse and into the middle of the very gang war they had just witnessed evidence of in the street. Inside they encountered a dozen dead bodies and Kenku operatives who fought fiercely but ultimately fell or fled. Rather than simply cutting their losses and leaving, the party pressed for answers. By interrogating a nearly incoherent Kenku they pieced together that Floon had been taken by the Zhents, but now appears to be in the hands of the Xanathar Guild, and that the true target had likely been another man entirely. That “other man” turned out to be Ranaer Neverember, son of the former Open Lord. Ranaer had also been taken by the Zhents and has been hiding in a closet since the fighting started.The Zhents had been trying to squeeze him for information about his father’s rumored cache of embezzled dragons, and Floon was taken by Xanather’s men in the confusion, possibly because Floon resembled Ranaer. Grateful for his rescue and eager to correct the mistake that put Floon in danger, Renaer has offered to join the search. Our heroes now know Floon is (or was recently) alive, and that they have quite possibly stepped into a war between criminal empires.